Add Discovery API documentation (#408)
qdrant/landing_page: qdrant-landing/content/documentation/concepts/search.md

}
```

## Discovery API

*Available as of v1.7*

REST API Schema definition available [here](https://qdrant.github.io/qdrant/redoc/index.html#tag/points/operation/discover_points)

> In this api, Qdrant introduces the concept of `context`, which is used for splitting the space, so that the space in which you search becomes constrained by the vectors you provide in the context. The interface for providing them is in vector examples (ids or raw vectors), just like in the recommendation API, but in this case, they need to be provided in the form of positive-negative pairs. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this API, Qdrant introduces the concept of `context`, which is used for splitting the space. Context is a set of positive-negative pairs. Each pair divides the space into positive and negative zones. In that mode, the search operation prefers points based on how many positive zones they belong to.

The interface for providing context is similar to the recommendation API (ids or raw vectors). Still, in this case, they need to be provided in the form of positive-negative pairs. 
```

Author: Thanks! Applied suggestion

</aside>

### Context search

Conversely, in the absence of a target, a rigid integer-by-integer function doesn't provide much guidance for the search when utilizing a proximity graph like HNSW. Instead, context search employs a function derived from the [triplet-loss](/articles/triplet-loss/) concept, which is usually applied during model training. For context search, this function is adapted to steer the search towards areas with fewer negative examples.

![Context search](/docs/context-search.png)

We can directly associate the score function to a loss function, where 0.0 is the maximum score a point can have, which means it is only in positive areas. As soon as a point exists closer to a negative example, its loss will simply be the difference of the positive and negative similarities.

$$
\text{context score} = \sum min(s(v^+_i) - s(v^-_i), 0.0)
$$

Where $v^+_i$ and $v^-_i$ are the positive and negative examples of each pair, and $s(v)$ is the similarity function.

> Using this kind of search, you can expect the output to not necessarily be around a single point, but rather, to be any point that isn’t closer to a negative example, which creates a constrained diverse result. So, even when the api is not called [`recommend`](#recommendation-api), recommendation systems can also use this approach and adapt it for their specific use-cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using this kind of search, you can expect the output to not necessarily be around a single point, but rather, to be any point that isn’t closer to a negative example, which creates a constrained diverse result. So, even when the API is not called [`recommend`](#recommendation-api), recommendation systems can also use this approach and adapt it for their specific use-cases.
```

Author: Thanks! Applied suggestion
